but I wanted to give this informs
explain why these people of the 90
years make fun of those who
they do the feeding efforts
I would not say unnecessary vegan vegetarian
but because they are rightly born as
he used to say at a time when food
fuck there were few see that pig
he knows what lot of was killed
December and in one family lasted one
year therefore practically there was more
he was bred with plant foods of
kitchen scraps etc.
and then he ate small amounts of it
during the festivals the agnolin of the festival
that the things there that is true then
more these people have been
programmed in during their
pregnancy these are very recent data
we have 19,000 active genes there
they are much more but those that
they work let's take an example
these genes work by turning on and
dying
thanks to a programming done
during pregnancy
let's take the example of the cancer that it is
the one we're losing now
battle because it increases more and more
if during pregnancy the woman eats
correctly and above all not
takes poisons inside the greater
part of the food but above all
animal foods for these woodwind principals
they melt where there is fat and there it is
they accumulate and therefore there is no plants
fat especially in the puts them
animals if the woman takes poisons
programming during pregnancy
of the genes we make an example the gene that
controls cancer cells la
proliferation are called
WHO does what it does if it is
programmed well when it notices
some cells are going towards the
malice turns on and gives
indications to everything to the systems for
eliminate them and then quiet down
but if there is not during pregnancy
It was a programming because it is
ate badly with poisons that alter i
genes themselves alter this non gene
it works
and then you have to work every day
an unplanned person during the
property must be careful
he has no protection every day
effective if not the daily one of
eliminate poisons as much as possible
environmental issues with a diet that
reduce as much as we can say foods
which contain fats
this is a very very important thing
so you are absolutely right
so much so that there is data on the
Italian woman in 2004 became ill of
serious illnesses at the age of 71 in 2012 at 61
has lost ten years of healthy living e
the man has lost six are none
these data are published on the internet
sent by the Ministry of Health to
European community like everyone else
countries but no one advertised them not
it is talked about because it ends
about what she said about illnesses
the most important are all the most serious ones
and derive from a diet that is not
only excess animal feed
compared to a past but excess of
animal foods whose fat is
contains all we say most
dioxins pesticide poisons yielded to
finish them off and eat them if you take them
they end up in his fat and then at a
some point they go around giving
the inflammation that brings all ste
illnesses
this is the big problem today
because it is an increase in people yes
sick of diseases
for this reason I am not there for nothing else
other explanations
but this would mean the
revolution the field revolution
food then give gods
big problems are the real review
all the system feeds
which no one wants to do for which
touch ministry and thinking minds e
she told the ministry there are gods
veterinarians in charge of the ministry of
health that make the beautiful and bad
time in agreement with industrial companies
meats for example affect the
There are so many school catering
others in some regions at the head of
food hygiene and nutrition services there
these are veterinarians
politically there is therefore always return
there is a money not money problem
they don't care about people if they do
what is important is that this
system go ahead what they prescribe
drugs that can be tested, etc.
this is very serious while instead
starting with an education at the
health and above all on nutrition
you could live healthy the example is
these gentlemen 90 years old people who are
well-planned states that don't care
because they have the genes that defend them
daily thing that of children of
today they cannot do that anyone
teaches the mother to eat in a way
correct and defend themselves from these
situations
if I can I wanted to make two small ones
additions if we then hear them but they are
very short 1 and professor pinelli who has
said that women get ten
years ago
and this is not advertised but
is very well publicized that the
life expectancy is always longer than
plus the problem we need to address
quality of life problem
how to arrive at the end of life
with what dignity with what dignity
a man's life ends 25 kg
destroyed by toxic drugs that do not
they never ever solved theirs
problem in the root
I talk about it in one of the chapters and its own
derivative on this on chemotherapy and
then I just wanted this at the end
Of the war
the second great war for sure
died of hunger there was so much poverty but
statistics tell us that the rate of
disease had collapsed means that
when in that situation surely
of impoverishment of substances in the sense
to live etc. but there was little to
eating the food was not altered and there
he helped each other between human beings
not like today that we all walk with
knives against each other armed that
we helped each other so there was the core
hard of this humanity was to help themselves there
where a family did not come there could
think of the other children when not there
could breastfeed a mother for various
reasons for nursing the mother of others
this today would be seen as a thing
hideous obscene let's go into the
future
thinking back to our past and it is not
conspiracy is absolutely not
conspiracy the trying to plant well
on the ground and our essence of beings
human because someone does not want us anymore
so much human